[Music]
these days do tagging your photos is all
the rage but not all cameras have the
ability geotag photos but actually the
answers in your pocket the ingredients
you'll need for this tasty GPS recipe
are camera iphone and a computer and for
this video I've managed to get back my
3GS there were actually quite a lot of
GPS apps the iPhone but we're going to
use GPS stone why because it's free
[Music]
and stole
now we have the GPS app installed on my
3GS and a working pink magenta d90 we're
ready to geotag some photos let's go so
I come out with the company's pink n2d
19 along with an iPhone 3GS so to geotag
the photos first of all you will need to
fire up the GPS stone app
and then start recording
start easy remember not to put it to
sleep
now let's go
a million Mongkok a place with lots of
buildings jam-packed tidy together this
should be a test for the GPS system
let's see how accurate is
then if you've actually noticed I've
actually got a bit of tissue wrapped
around the grip here
unfortunately the paint starting to come
off
on which idiot did this paint job
you can geotag smells that is disgusting
with deep in the heart Mongkok home of
the smelly tofu
Oh
now revived at this little street which
is famous for long snack shops you know
where you've come here because you can
just smell it
and it's not necessarily a good thing
my free stuff
the madness
feeding frenzy let's go
we're heading into lady's market don't
ask me why it's called ladies market
[Music]
so this is goldfish Street where is that
I hear you ask but with your iPhone and
its geo-tagging app finger jig you'll be
able to find out
and the last thing you need to do is to
export the GPS data via email you also
need to download some software for your
computer it's totally free drag in the
GPS data that you sent to yourself along
with the photos then bish bash Bosh you
let the software do the magic look his
face as GPS data now your photos are
tagged with GPS data but one more thing
you need to rescan for location iPhoto
then voila
then when you export photos remember to
tick the location information box
[Music]
[Applause]